Date: 2025-01-03
Tags: 
# Idea:
A person. I'm a person. Ah, hi there reader! You came in the middle of something, but let's use that to our advantage. I had a very cool idea for today's DIP, but it'll have to wait. Sure, it was cool, but I just can't get enough of the idea we'll explore today. I feel so alive thinking about it, like it goes before anything else. And that's exactly what we'll talk about: something crucial to, well, *everything*. It's really hard to get a grip on this concept, and thus to put a name on it, but I will call it **rawness**, and I hope you understand what it is by the end.

Society has become a busy place, filled with busy people that go through busy lifes. You, reader, are no exception—you're either a student, a worker, or expecting one of both. Ha, I got about 90% of you there! (source: seems about right). Still, I would imagine your life is, like most of us, filled with routines, tasks, reunions, etc. This is not pad per se, but it sometimes makes life go *too quickly*, like you forgot that you're even living and at this point you're *just* studying. At times like these, you don't stop with the classical human thought of "Whoa! I'm alive. Cool," do you? Let's talk about that.

We're having another little exercise here: stop what you're doing, sit in a comfortable position (or lay down), and try to disconnect yourself from external stimuli—close your eyes, put on some white noise, etc. Try to ignore thoughts of *your* life. Now, consider this: you're alive. You're not a student, nor a worker, nor a son, sibling, or partner. Above all, you're a human. You're the mind.

Do you feel it? Do you feel **raw**? I mean, not you, but the feeling of it. Now, let yourself feel the outside world, but one sense at a time. Take a look around. Perhaps put some music on. You're here. You're alive. You *are*.

It can seem dumb (and if it is, so what?), but this helps us get a real hold of existence. It's really useful when we get deep into the apathy of feeling like a machine running, like you're watching a film that you're a part of yet feel unable to stop and breathe. Breathe.

So many things in life can make us feel *un-rawness*. Big commercials, stupid shows, and, well, *TikTok*. But, please, don't let if fool you. Life is so much more than having material things. Life is so much more than who you are with or what you do. The best part of life is no other than *being alive*, being *able* to experience things, and to enjoy them. For those who haven't, try to find that one thing that makes life worth living for you. Reading, drawing, listening to music, or hell, even watching anime is a valid one.

Never, *ever*, will you truly say "my life is over" until it is (if you're thinking "Wh-what?" read again).  Your life will never be determined by an interview, a grade, or a relationship. *You* are your life, and there will *always* (yes, **always**) be a way of living it happily. No matter what occurs, I assure you: you are in control. "What if I get kidnapped?" Well, right, but that's not my point. What you think, what you *are*, and what you're worth all comes down to you. And let me you: it's a lot. Don't let anyone ever convince you otherwise: you don't need anything external to prove who you are, you don't need anyone external to prove how much you're worth, and you absolutely don't need a fucking acceptance letter from an ivy-league university to live your life to the fullest. Oh, sorry, that last one's on me.

"The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion." I'm not telling you who said that. You're interested? Prove it, do your research (kindly). Still, the phrase hits on something deep, and I invite you to consider what that means *to you*.

Now, if you may, I'm going to stare at my blank wall while I think of thinking. Cheers.

P.S. If you liked this concept consider reading (or re-reading ;) ) *Fahrenheit 451*. A masterpiece (I promise I'm unbiased) and my favorite book personally (Okay, I lied).
# Expansion
Write here to expand on the idea if this is being visited later. Modifications should include date and the new content, but, apart from this section and the references, the file shall remain unchanged after it's initial date.
# References
