fDate: 2025-01-05
Tags: 
# Idea:
Have you ever been hyped about something (perhaps by other, social media, or just yourself) and when the moment actually comes you think to yourself "that's it?"? It's almost like you were imagining a perfect scenario and life makes you sit and listen: "**not quite**." That's what happened to me yesterday with DIP. 

I truly believed I could do a DIP a day for the whole year, and on the very fourth day my body goes "nah, I'll do that tomorrow." But I'm not doing it today. I have a big (imaginary) list of DIP ideas, so naturally, let's ignore it and do today's DIP about **imperfection**.

Where to start? Imperfection is such an interesting concept: something deeply human yet frustrating. Of course, noone is perfect, but I hope I'm not the only one who has tried to pull it off. The very first day of my 11th grade my tutor asked us to write a letter to our future selves, and I decided to write some goals. I read it recently and the very first thing said was "I'll get a 45/45. Not bad, huh?" Did I get it? Yes. Was it worth it? Let's just say "No, Daniel, you're not a machine" was my mom's take on it. Sure, I accomplished my goal, but the consequences it let to were probably not worthy (or were them? Still deciding). Sometimes we just need to hit ourselves various times on the head (NOT literally) to realize that it's okay to fail.

I've always had the conception that as long as you try your best, there's no basis for guilt, but there is some important caveats I've recently realized related to that statement. Does "trying your best" imply giving up everything else? I wouldn't currently agree. The phrase I like know comes from a song by the Irish author Aimee Carty, and it goes as follows: "trying my best to try my best." See the double-take? The point is that it's okay to try your best (pour yourself as much as you can into something), but it's also okay to realize when trying your best isn't, well, the best.

Of course, it's good practice to reflect on one's failures (mostly to see *why* it happened and thus avoid it in the future), but dwelling on them for too long or beating yourself up about it is never going to bring anything good. Did you try your best *to try your best*? If so, don't feel guilt. You didn't but feel guilty? Channel that into being more focused the next time.

As Exrub1a once said, you have to be content with the fact that there will be days, weeks, or even months were life feels unbearable and you do too (added that last part for an accurate assessment of how fucking bad it feels hehe). And that is true. You'll go through crisis, problems, fights (hopefully not physical ones), and agitated discussions. All of us do. And you have to realize that you'll fail so much that your computer won't be able to hold that many entries on your "failure list." By all means, build that list if you want, but be sure to add a "what I'll do solve this" column to it. Otherwise, have fun inputting thousands of entries for absolutely nothing.

A big part of realizing how imperfect we are as humans is to look at others through the same lens. Be kind to yourself, but also to others—they're humans too. They'll make countless mistakes, perhaps some that negatively affect you, but don't forget this. Please. It's also just a great way to be nonchalant about what happens to you in the best way possible: someone was mean to you? Hey, they may be having a bad day. Think of your last one and how *you* have also probably been a jerk (understandably).

There's a very bittersweet nature to the imperfections of things. Of course, imperfections are sometimes worth working on, but you must realize that sometimes they're just part of who you are, and what makes you, *you*. Being imperfect can be frustrating, but it's precisely what makes the battle for overcoming those weaknesses much more endearing—one you'll most likely have to do with yourself at some point of your life.

To help you realize just how beautiful imperfection is, think about this DIP you're currently reading, and how the lack of a real conclusion just makes *you* fill the gaps, making the DIP stronger without it having to say anything. Peace out.
# Expansion
Write here to expand on the idea if this is being visited later. Modifications should include date and the new content, but, apart from this section and the references, the file shall remain unchanged after it's initial date.
# References
