Date: 2025-01-06
Tags: 
# Idea:
Today's DIP is really boring. You may as well grab a pillow now.

Got you! That was a bit of a lie. But was it wrong for me to lie? We're going to explore 3 and I'm such a nice person that I'll hand you this good acronym to remember them: "LLL." Took a lot of time to come up with it :)

The first L stands for **l**ying to have fun, just like I did at the start of this DIP. Some people see this as playful lies, often called "jokes," whatever the hell that means. Pardon my skepticism, but isn't this the same as calling a pig "pork"? Okay I'm joking—hope I didn't hurt your feelings. See, that's how I like to joke! Picking controversial themes for your jokes is fine (e.g. what I just did), but there's no joke if not everyone is laughing. At that point, it becomes something else, and even if your intentions were good, you might have hurt someone's feelings. You then fall on this dilemma of not knowing what to do: you never intended to hurt anyone but they got understandably offended for whatever reason. Recognize your joke was offensive, understand, truly, why your call wasn't right, and move on. Apart from that, I would say, go have fun! Lying, if not really causing harm to others (or, well, intentionally hiding things from them that they should know) is alright (I am not responsible for any broken friendships that were influenced by this paragraph).

The second L stands for **l**ying to save time (see how helpful the acronym was? No problem). My mom and I used to have a chat each day after I came back from school where I told her how my day had been, and she asked questions despite forgetting half the information that she received afterwards. It was fine by me but she ended up asking some bizarre questions due to this mess of wrong and semi-wrong information (ChatGPT users will know what I mean), so I often lied as a means to save time. "How was that project in biology?" "I don't have bio- uh, it was great." See? Sometimes, I think I've become a bit too comfortable with this tendency to lie to simplify things. The intention is never bad, of course, but I *would* be lying if I said it hasn't lead to some mixups overtime. But honestly, when your options are that or engaging in a 5 minute conversation for the other party to end up saying "oh, okay," whether lying this way is bad is, at the least, doubtful. I don't like to outright lie, so I can't tell you with certainty if it's something good to do. Maybe give it a thought yourself?

After writing this last bit, though, I'm starting to wonder if my intentions were truly good when I lied. Right when I think "yeah, I just aimed for simplicity," my overthinker internal voice goes "you liar." And that's the last one we're exploring today: lying to yourself. Oh, this is the big cake (?). Lying to yourself is easy, and it's really easy to think "yeah I tried my best" or "yeah I'll do that later" even if deep down you know that's not true. The fact that it's so easy suggests our mind is made that way, almost like lying to yourself is a coping mechanism. And it can be. But it's also important to not overuse it. I've become really good at engaging with myself in the following back and forth: "I'm not lying to myself" "Or, are you?" "Uh, no? Uh..." "*evil grin*." Yes, don't do that either. When you're genuinely doubting it, there's no good in overthinking. And, honestly, there's some beauty to this thing of lying to yourself, and that is I can barely help you. This is a journey you must embark on your own, and only you're responsible for being honest with the person that deserves it the most (I don't have to say who, right?).

So, what have we learned? To... lie? What a peculiar takeaway, huh? But really, reflect on this points, and try to evaluate when lying is the right call, because it can be. Ultimately, the most important thing is to be honest with yourself, even if that means going through uncomfortable truths or recognizing you're a jerk (a great first step!). 

I would say today's DIP is been a delight to write, but it's 2 AM and I don't want to lie, so I will abstain from saying anything regarding that topic (is that lying? Think about it). Goodbye liars, may your lies be productive (and funny).
# Expansion
Write here to expand on the idea if this is being visited later. Modifications should include date and the new content, but, apart from this section and the references, the file shall remain unchanged after it's initial date.
# References
