Date: 2025-01-08
Tags: 
# Idea:
James got back from school, partly in tears. "Hi, honey," said his mom moments before he locked himself into his room. "How did I even get here?" wondered James. "My day started out fine."

It's 8 AM and James got up for school. He packed a jelly sandwich his mom made for him (his favorite!) and sprinted joyfully towards his first class. Turns out, Mr. Robinson's morning wasn't going as smoothly. He seemed angry without reason, almost like he was waiting for an excuse to yell at any student. "Oh, he must've not had a jelly sandwich," joked James with his friend Frank, not giving the situation much thought. James wasn't going to let a stupid teacher ruin his day. Oh, and next class was biology! 

The teacher entered the classroom, happy as always. "We're doing an exciting project today! Please find a partner first," said Mrs. Woods. James turned to Frank, expecting to meet his eyes, but he instead saw that one small ugly spot at the back of his head. He was already paired up. "Is everyone ready?" urged the teacher. James looked around, but everyone seemed to be set. An awkward silence. "We're odd," someone muttered from a corner. Suddenly, James realized everyone's eyes were on him. After a bit of a pause, though, Mrs. Woods said "Don't worry James! We will do it together," as if it wasn't already embarrassing enough for him.

Admittedly, James' day wasn't going great, and he noticed himself a bit on edge—almost like he *knew* something would happen soon, ready to make his day *even worse*. James felt like his stress was a snowball, ready to bump and grow rapidly without prior notice. Of course, it happened.

During recess, he tripped, fell, and got dirty his favorite polo. He had had enough. Feeling overwhelmed from the seemingly unending source of problems, James had no choice but to run back home, where he encountered with his mother. You know what happened right after.

"You okay, Jammie?" He didn't respond. "I'm gonna go in." His mom opened the door to his room, immediately meeting him with a hug. "What's the matter?" James proceeded to explain what was, in fact, the matter.

"So what?" James was surprised. "What do you mean 'so what'? Don't you see how bad of a day I'm having?" exclaimed James, visibly upset. "Oh, James, it's time. Let's talk."

James' mom remembered him of the jelly sandwich, his cool (and easily washable) polo, his funny chats with Frank, and the uplifting nature of Mrs. Woods. "Well, yeah, but that doesn't change what happened," said James, unconvinced. "James, it's not that. Life's too short to worry about Mr. Robinson's tantrums. It's too fleeting to be ashamed of mere slip-ups. To put it simply, *it's not that serious*."

James didn't know how to feel. While he felt the argument somewhat disregarded the very real pain he'd gone through, he couldn't help but realize that his focus had made him forget about everyone and everything else. There were people who were doing an effort to make his day better, showing remarkable sympathy, and he'd been selfish to not acknowledge that.

Now, reader, notice. Remember about Mr. Robinson, the angry teacher who seemed to seek out excuses to shout at others? I'm sure you already hate him. Well, look at what James did: the *exact same thing*. As stated previously, he already was waiting for the next bad thing to happen. But what does this tell us? It tells us that focusing on the negative, even when we don't think we're doing so, is almost never a productive strategy.

Life is full of serious things. Death, love, family, friendships, just so name a few. Don't waste that space on a polo. Don't waste that space on an awkward class moment. It sounds absurd, but sometimes you just gotta be a goof.

Go nuts: laugh at yourself, dance terribly, eat a burrito in a second, play rock-paper-scissors with a stranger, learn an insult in another language, try to lick your elbow. James heard this, and is currently as happy as ever, attempting to break the world record of most spoons balanced on a human body.

Why not you?
# Expansion
Write here to expand on the idea if this is being visited later. Modifications should include date and the new content, but, apart from this section and the references, the file shall remain unchanged after it's initial date.
# References
